I'm a father of three boys who love to play sports. We play and watch basketball, football, and baseball. Whether it comes to buying a new baseball cap, or new basketball shoes or shorts, new basketball shoes, football, football cleats, you name it! We're always shopping! Lately, we've been using Amazon and Dick's sporting goods but man their customer service and website have been super slow! I'm also not feeling the looks of their website! Those are the things that hold me back from liking those websites! So all I'm hoping for in a good website is one that is stylish, sleek, and quick and efficient! My last thing is, we order a lot so it would be lovely if the site doesn't glitch out when making those big orders. You guys got this! Also, one time, Dick's got our total wrong so I ended up paying an insane amount for what I ordered!

I am a fashion designer that often looks at and buys pieces of clothing for inspiration as to what ideas and materials I can use in my own clothing designs. Oftentimes I stumble onto sites that have a lot of clutter and products that I have no interest in so I have to go through entire journeys just to find what caters to me. Some of the more luxurious clothing brands have very clean and elegant sites but oftentimes I can't find anything that speaks to me. And while there are more down-to-earth pieces from cheaper brands, most times, their websites are extremely unintuitive and hard to maneuver through. Overall, a perfect website for me would be one that is sleek and clutter-free with products that peak my interest so that I can get good ideas for my own designs. Thanks.

I'm an 80 year old grandfather who is looking for gifts for my grandchildren. I'm not too sure on what my grandkids would like for Christmas so I asked and they told me some things I've never heard about. I looked it up and I found that I can buy it on this website online. Now, I'm not the greatest with technology, usually my kids or grandkids help me out with these sort of things, but they can't always be there to do things for me. What I want in a good website is something that is easy to work with and use. I don't want to be so confused trying to navigate the site and purchase things. I want something that is simple to look at, easy to navigate through and purchase things.

I am an angsty teen trying to go against the grain. I am competent with technology, as well as most aspects of the internet. I seek to purchase material iteams to differentiate myself from the croud. My rebelliousnes is capped by my mother's credit card so I am not equipped with the greatest budget. I browse many differnt sites all day every day. I want something that catches my eye. Boring colors and brand names not deemed 'cool' will be a turn-off. Overall if the website was vibrant, eyecatching, and different I would be a fan.

I'm a customer who is colorblind and every website I goto look so bland because of it. I'm trying to find something fashionable but since all the colors are so bland it makes it really hard. Most other websites I've found look like they are very old and they don't get updated very often. What I would want is a website that can accomodate the basic colorblindness schemes to let me see what it would look like.

I am a small business owner and I run an e-commerce store that specializes in outdoor clothing. I understand the importance of online shopping and appreciate the convenience it provides. I want to be able to filter and sort products by a variety of criteria, including price, brand, and ratings. Finally, John expects fast and reliable shipping options and appreciates retailers that offer free shipping or other incentives for frequent buyers.
